[Music]
the origin of the species
by natural selection charles darwin
when we compare the individuals of the
same variety or
sub-variety of our older cultivated
plants and animals
one of the first points which strikes us
is
that they generally differ more from
each other
than do the individuals of any one
species or variety
in a state of nature
and if we reflect on the vast diversity
of the plants and animals which have
been cultivated
and which have varied during all ages
under the most difficult climates
and treatments we are driven
to conclude that this great variability
is due
to our domestic production having been
raised
under conditions of life not so uniform
as
and somewhat different from those to
which
the parent species had been exposed
under nature
[Music]
there is also some probability in the
view
propagated by andrew knight that this
variability
may be partly connected with excess of
food
it seems clear that organic beans must
be
exposed during several generations
to new conditions to cause any great
amount of variations
and that when the organization has once
began
to vary it generally continues varying
for many generations
no case is on record of a variable
organism ceasing to vary
under cultivation
our older cultivated plants such as
wheat
still yield new varieties our oldest
domesticated animals are still capable
of rapid improvement or modification
as far as i am able to judge after long
attending to the subject
the conditions of life appear to act in
two ways
directed on the whole organization or on
certain parts alone
and indirectly by affecting
the reproductive system with respect to
the direct action
we must bear in mind that in every case
as professor weissman has lately
insisted
and that i have incidentally shown in my
work on variations under domestication
there are two factors namely the nature
of the organism
and the nature of the condition
the former seems to be much more
important for nearly
similar variations sometimes arise under
as far as we can judge dissimilar
conditions
and on the other hand dissimilar
variations
arise under conditions which appear to
be nearly uniform
[Music]
they may be considered as definite when
all
or nearly all of the offspring of the
individuals
exposed to certain conditions during
several generations are modified in the
same manner
it is extremely difficult to come to any
conclusion in regard
to the extent of the change in which
we have been thus definitely induced
there can however be little doubt about
many
slight changes such as the size from the
amount of food
color from the nature of his blood
thickness
of its skin and from climate etc
each of the endless variations in which
we see
the plumage of our fouls must have some
efficient cause and if the same cause
were to act
uniformly during a long series of
generations on many individuals
all probably would be modified
in the same manner
such facts as the complex and
extraordinary outgrowth which variably
follow from the insertion of a minute
drop of poison by a gall producing
insect
shows us what singular modifications
might result
in the case of plants from a chemical
change
in the nature of the sap
[Music]